It is important to agree on who authenticates (#4553)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

- Rekeying (both transmit and receive)
- Handshake state updates

Additional functions might be needed to configure TLS.  In particular, QUIC and

> TLS need to agree on which is responsible for validation of peer credentials
> (for example, certificate validation {{?RFC5280}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS need to agree on which is responsible for validation of peer credentials,
such as certificate validation ({{?RFC5280}}).
```
